feat: How to contribute (#1514)
decentraland/marketplace: README.md

[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/decentraland/marketplace/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/decentraland/marketplace?branch=master)

The Marketplace is a React static site. It's code can be found under the [/webapp](https://github.com/decentraland/marketplace/tree/master/webapp) directory.

## Backend

It can be found under [/indexer](https://github.com/decentraland/marketplace/tree/master/indexer).

## How to contribute
Contributing to the Marketplace is easy, you just need to go through the following process:

> 1. Look for issues in the [Issues tab](https://github.com/decentraland/marketplace/issues) or create a new one with the changes you're proposing. We classify issues with the “Enhancement”, “Bug” or “Good first issue” tags. Feel free to check one of those first. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Look for issues in the [Issues tab](https://github.com/decentraland/marketplace/issues) or create a new one with the proposed changes. We classify issues with the “Enhancement”, “Bug” or “Good first issue” tags. Feel free to check one of those first. 
```

> 2. Contact team members via the Github issue or use the [Code Contribution Discord channel](https://discord.com/channels/417796904760639509/761599704756256778). It’s important to at least check on the issue status before staring.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Contact team members via the GitHub issue or use the [Code Contribution Discord channel](https://discord.com/channels/417796904760639509/761599704756256778). It’s important to at least check on the issue status before starting.
```
